2025.md, before:

# 공부 주제

- [Web] [chrome devtools 공부](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools)
- [Web] [Milliseconds make millions](https://web.dev/case-studies/milliseconds-make-millions)
- [기타] [How to become an expert in anything?](https://newsletter.techworld-with-milan.com/p/how-to-become-an-expert-in-anything?ref=dailydev)
- [JavaScript] [Why Fetch Promise Doesn't Reject on Error Responses](https://kettanaito.com/blog/why-fetch-promise-doesnt-reject-on-error-responses)
- [Frontend] [You Might Not Need React Query](https://tkdodo.eu/blog/you-might-not-need-react-query)
- [기타] [How do you do, fellow web developers? A growing disconnect.](https://rakhim.exotext.com/web-developers-a-growing-disconnect)
- [React Query] [Why You Want (Need) React Query](https://tkdodo.eu/blog/why-you-want-react-query)

## React

- React Compiler
  - [Why is every React site so slow?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INLq9RPAYUw)
- React Scan

# 기록

- 0203: Optimistic Update와 관련해서 공부할만한 내용(네트워크 연결, 서버 요청 성공률 측정 방법 등)

Commit message:

update 2025.md(Rendering on Web)

2025.md, after:

# 공부 주제

- [Web] [chrome devtools 공부](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools)
- [Web] [Milliseconds make millions](https://web.dev/case-studies/milliseconds-make-millions)
- [기타] [How to become an expert in anything?](https://newsletter.techworld-with-milan.com/p/how-to-become-an-expert-in-anything?ref=dailydev)
- [JavaScript] [Why Fetch Promise Doesn't Reject on Error Responses](https://kettanaito.com/blog/why-fetch-promise-doesnt-reject-on-error-responses)
- [Frontend] [You Might Not Need React Query](https://tkdodo.eu/blog/you-might-not-need-react-query)
- [기타] [How do you do, fellow web developers? A growing disconnect.](https://rakhim.exotext.com/web-developers-a-growing-disconnect)
- [React Query] [Why You Want (Need) React Query](https://tkdodo.eu/blog/why-you-want-react-query)
- [Web] [Rendering on the Web](https://web.dev/articles/rendering-on-the-web), React공부하면서 CSR부분만 학습했는데 웹에서 렌더링을 처리하는 다양한 방법들에 대해서 다루고 있는 article임. 추가로 [Client-side rendering of HTML and interactivity](https://web.dev/articles/client-side-rendering-of-html-and-interactivity), [Rendering Pattern](https://www.patterns.dev/vanilla/rendering-patterns/)도 같이 공부해보면 좋을 듯.

## React

- React Compiler
  - [Why is every React site so slow?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INLq9RPAYUw)
- React Scan

# 기록

- 0203: Optimistic Update와 관련해서 공부할만한 내용(네트워크 연결, 서버 요청 성공률 측정 방법 등)
