# Time Management

### Task completion is the key to success. You manage time, focus, concentrate and practice to GET THINGS DONE.

### Do fewer things, do the more important things, and do them more often. Get better and repeat. So that you can get things done faster at a higher level of quality.

### If you can just do the most important task automatically, if you wake up in the morning and just start working on your most important task. 그리고 중요하지 않은 일들은 과감하게 쳐내고 버린다면.

### The true measure of character is whether if you have the capacity to follow through. Character is self-discipline in action.

### Make sacrifices in the short term, to have a great life in the long term.

### Commit to Excellence. Being in the top 10% is where is the money is. If you want to be excellent at what you do, you are in the right field. Make the decision to get in the top 10%.

### People begin to become great, when they determine their NO.1 goal and work on it every day.

### Read a book in your field every day for 30~60 minutes.

### There is a time in life when you can take things easy, and that is when you have MADE IT. Before you have made it, you are in a competition.

### Develop a workaholic mind. 40hours of work a week will get you to survive. To hang on. Every hour you put in deliberately trying to improve the way you work and the quality of your results is investing for the future.

### When you work, work. Concentrate on the thing you are doing.

### Take is easy, life and work balance…., have fun at work….happy happy….. This is LOSER TALK. LOSER. LOSER. LOSER.

### Get around the right people. Your success is related to your reference group.

### In order to achieve something you never achieved before, you have to become someone you have never become before!
